new tutorial (#10)
simstack/Simstack-Documentation: docs/wanos/simulation_wanos/index.rst

=================
Simulation WaNos
=================

.. raw:: html

    <style> .green {color:green} </style>

.. role:: green

* DFT-VASP (:download:`github <https://github.com/KIT-Workflows/DFT-VASP>`) 

.. figure:: /assets/DFT-VASP.png

  The user-friendly DFT-VASP **WaNo** tool! With this tool, you can easily perform Density Functional Theory calculations 

>   using the widely-used VASP code without needing extensive knowledge of VASP's functionalities and specifications. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user-friendly DFT-VASP **WaNo** tool which enables you to easily perform Density Functional Theory calculations using the VASP code without extensive knowledge of VASP's functionalities and specifications.
```
